hey good morning family I have a word
for you all here well basically I just
wanted to do some highlights and stuff
of
some of the words that the Lord has
given me because you know last night
whenever I was I was uh praying about
things and just about the word that I
gave yesterday and how heavy it was and
what the Lord had showed me
um first of all I I want to say this
I have gotten a lot of trolls on this
video
saying that I copied a man of God's word
and brought it on here and that I was
saying uh everything that he was saying
John Paul Jackson is his name
I said right before I quoted this I said
I was given a video
from one of my YouTube family people one
of the people on here they sent me an
email and they said look this is
something you could tell the people
about all all the needs that they
they're going to need and what they need
to have and everything so because I was
praying about this already and I was
asking the Lord what do you want me to
tell the people because everybody's
needs
are different throughout the world and I
have listeners from everywhere I mean
literally I look at the where it's at
and I have thousands of people in Africa
thousands of people in Europe and in
Asia and everywhere so I so it's
different for every everybody so I'm I'm
praying and I'm seeking the Lord and
then I have a sister in the Lord give me
the video and say hey look right here
you could tell them and this part of the
video watch this right here and you can
maybe tell your listeners how to prepare
for what's coming so I was excited about
it so I brought those four things he
said four things of the the the the
what's true needs and all that
and people did not hear me say Obviously
or they did hear me say it and they just
want to be a troll I don't know I'm
trying to figure it out it's right there
I can even put the the the time stamp
but when I said it this was given to me
and I'm trying to help you I wasn't
saying this is the whole prophetic word
was from John Paul Jackson that was from
the Lord and so it distracts what bottom
line is it distracts from what God is
trying to to help you all you know I
know you the people are reading the
comments and they're making making stuff
on there and they're they're being that
way and I hate to even bring this up but
I'm really concerned where everybody's
at in the body of Christ it is there's
so many people that are distracted by
some of the dumbest stuff and where
where and where we are going
I don't want to like I said I'm not
wanting to be a fear Monger I'm not
wanting to scare people I told you all
in that video that that I saw people in
white suits that were covered in a glory
that looked like honey it was not honey
I'm not telling you to go buy honey and
eat honey that people are saying okay
I'm gonna go buy a lot of honey and eat
honey no do not go buy honey and eat
honey the honey is a representation of
what I'm trying to explain I'm trying to
talk to you and tell you about what the
glory looks like on on in the spirit
realm it looked like honey it's a type
and Shadow do not go buy honey and eat a
lot honey I did not say that was going
to protect you with this this virus okay
or this plague that's coming I it may I
don't know maybe that was the time
Shadow I have no idea it sounds foolish
that's what I'm trying to tell you I'm
not trying to pick at anybody either I'm
just trying to tell you all
um when I'm trying to describe something
out of the spirit of what the Lord is
showing me is um it looked like honey
the glory of the Lord was radiating
out of the the of that human body that
the Lord showed me and it was going out
about three feet just like it talks
about in the Bible that they would go
and they would they would line up people
down the Alleyways and stuff that even
that the the that the the shadow of
Peter would would touch them and and
they would be healed that that was the
anointing of the Holy Ghost was was so
thick and so strong and those Believers
the the disciples that that the power of
God was was like the energy of the of
the Holy Ghost was that much in them
that it was coming out of them that it
was even the width of the Shadow and it
was touching the people that were sick
and they were they were being healed by
the power of God
and so the Lord was showing me that that
same kind of a manifestation of his
glory for what's coming if you about if
ye abide in me and my words abide in you
you shall ask what you will and it shall
be done that kind of that power is it
because we're abiding in him his words
are going to be about him as arrived
told you in the last video you need to
get the foundation of the word inside of
you you need to get that so deep inside
of you for what's coming it is not about
fear when I told you about probably 10
videos back the Lord said
uh there's a great storm coming and I
told you about this great storm and I
said I told you all about the wall and I
told you that Psalms 91 and Psalms 23
would be what saves you in the in the
storm that's coming every word that I
have given have kind of piggybacked on
the other word and they are all like a
big puzzle is what I'm trying to tell
you all every single word so when he
told you about in that word you go back
and look the great storm coming
um it has about a hundred thousand views
on there it'll really bless you go look
at that video I told you it's one of my
first videos that Psalms 91 and Psalms
23 are gonna be your a wall for this
storm you will have to know the word of
God for what's coming or you're not
going to make it I talked to you about
the 350 million worldwide and and and
people are saying well there's only 350
million people in the United States
that's everybody no please listen to me
please this is not a this is not a about
the United States only this is about
waking up the church this is about a
shakening of the world this is about
Jesus Christ coming back and then people
say is this something that's happening
before the Rapture or after the Rapture
y'all whenever I went in Tribulation I
did not see a lot I was shown a lot
about the Christians that were left
because they were living in compromise
they were living in a state of sin they
believed in in Salvation but they went
back to the to the trash they were they
thought they were being saved from they
could not live a Christian life that you
say you're living and live like the
devil you live like Jesus you don't live
like the devil and so when you're trying
to say well I'm a Christian
is there any separation
from you and any kind of uh if if you
were to be in a lineup to say that
person's a Christian and that person the
world we are to be the salt we're to
stand out and if you're not standing out
you're not going ten virgins
five had their lamps full of the oil
five did not the ones that do not have
the oil field in their lambs in those
lamps I believe because of the parable
Parable that Jesus gave us and the
explanation are the ones that will be
left if you are not filled with and
controlled by the holy ghost in your
life and you are praying and seeking him
on a daily basis not just on Sunday if
you are not having a relationship with
him this is where I'm at this is where
the Bible's at I'm telling you this is
whatever Jesus said you prophesied on my
name you've done all these things in my
name but depart from me I never knew you
he told us this then it even talks about
it in Ephesians it talks about this in
Romans it talks about they're an acts he
talks about in so many different places
that the people were living in sin
the Apostle Paul was addressing the
church he was talking to the church
about living in sin
if you're an adultery if you're in
fornication if you're practicing all
these things in sin
you will be uh not able to inherit the
kingdom of God
okay
and inheritance is something that you
receive after you die
so if you're not able to receive it he's
not talking you don't receive an
inheritance if you're not part of the
Kingdom okay
you need to be born again believer to
receive an inheritance you have to enter
into the kingdom of God and then when
you're in the kingdom of God you have to
inherit the kingdom of God and
inheritance is for the believer
okay he's not talking about the the
Gentile the people that that are that
are that are not saved
the Apostle Paul was talking to the
church
not living in adultery not living in all
these things he had a huge list he and
he addressed each church and he talked
about in Ephesians he talked about over
and over and over again in the word okay
so
um
he's trying to warn the believer you
cannot live in these things and think
that grace alone is saving you and you
can live like the world you have to be
separated and be holy unto him
yeah we mess up and I'm going to tell
you this yes we mess up you you you you
know when I may drop a bad word every
once in a while I might get mad stuff in
my toe or say something stupid and and
you do and and that's just flesh
sometimes you know what out of the
butter the heart the mouth speaks we're
all work in progress but I'm talking
about somebody who is deliberately
living what he said not to do it's not
somebody who's going man I don't I don't
want to live this way but sometimes I my
flesh is weak and I have a bad day and I
and I Repent I always I don't run from
God when I sin I run to God when I sin
okay but some of these people think I
can live this way and make it a
lifestyle live a lifestyle of compromise
live a lifestyle of sin and I'm gonna
still make the Rapture you are mistaken
I have seen literally tens of thousands
when I went to tribulation with Jesus
that were left here thinking that they
were okay and their lamps are full and
everything's okay and great the Rapture
is not salvation
many that are saved will not make the
Rapture if they're not living
in a Godly State you you all you all
kind of think well it's just entitled to
me because I said a sinner's prayer no
it's working out your salvation with
fear and trembling you need to know the
the the the the
you have to be holy as Jesus is Holy
practicing a holy lifestyle
okay it's not living like the world and
thinking well I'm cold I'm qualified I'm
sealed into the day of redemption like I
heard one person say no you're sealed by
the power of the Lord if you if you're
practicing a Godly lifestyle you're not
living like you're not living like hell
and thinking well I'm a Christian no if
you can't tell no difference between you
and Jay-Z you have a problem if you
can't have a difference between you and
and some of these rap people on there
living like the world and you go well
you know my life is no differently than
them I'm just I say I'm Jesus I'm a
Jesus Lover I love the Lord no no we
have got to we've got to separate
ourself and we've got to be like Jesus
practice what he says to do in the Bible
and and be a Godly influence and he said
well I'll never be able to match up to
Jesus no but but you're trying
you keep your heart right before him and
you're seeking him and you said Jesus I
love you I want to be more like you I
don't want to be more like uh the
hip-hop stars I want to be more like
Jesus and in that I I'm a work in
progress I'm being renewed I work in out
my salvation I'm doing all this and I'm
and I'm I'm seeking you father and I
know that in the process of life I'm
becoming more like you
but I don't want to be more like the
world
okay so that was another thing so I it's
talking and addressing does this happen
before the Rapture does this happen
after the Rapture no I believe we are
going to see a great shakening
a shaking before
the Rapture of the church
that will be the refinished fire that's
a video or two or back a refiners fire a
great thing and this is what I told
everybody
I didn't see the plague like I did uh
two days ago three days ago
like I do now okay
the Lord showed me he said people will
say around the world that there has been
a great Ichabod
if you look at that word I didn't
understand what that meant until until
you all a lot of people brought it up
and I started studying it out it's like
I told you he's going to be silent in a
test so during this thing that we're
about to see through finances through
all these things the Lord showed me
it will feel like you've been abandoned
but there is a glorious remnant
that will rise up in this in this
refiners fire and all this
and lay hands on the sick and they will
cover
this is it this is this this is another
thing that I just felt my spirit
we are wanting to feel we're wanting to
populate heaven and we're wanting to
depopulate hell
if Jesus Christ was to come right now as
we speak
a lot of people would go to hell
but but people are like well he's coming
back in September this month any day now
no I hate to say this I'm telling you I
expect him anytime I just want to tell
you I believe Jesus could come back at
any time but if he does right now A lot
of people are going to hell I personally
believe we have some more time we have
some more time I believe it will be on
the shemitah cycles and a lot of people
don't understand that and if you go read
Jonathan Rabbi Jonathan Khan's books and
and listen to what he says about the
shemitah cycles and about the seven year
Cycles we entered into a seven year
cycle some people say we entered into
the tribulation already no we have not
tribulation is Hell on Earth it has not
started yet I'm telling you you're
missing it
um
I believe we will we will go through
some stuff called the birthing pains
whenever I told you Isaiah 60 verse 1
arise Shine for the light has come and
the glory of the Lord has risen upon us
for there is great Darkness on the earth
and gross Darkness will cover the people
it's because I told you there's
compromise this is what's happening
there's a compromise that's entered into
the American culture and the churches at
worldwide in Australia wherever there is
a compromise being preached in the in
the pulpit and when you do not preach
Holiness and you don't preach repentance
it affects the morals of the of the
nation it affects the people and it
starts trickling down and it starts the
head of the church first and then the
church teaches the teaches the family
and and the unit and then there becomes
a Holiness and a purity inside of of the
church and then it affects the nation
and then you then we're all upset about
the politics of America and they're like
well why is America going this way why
are we have all this this craziness
going on because the church is the
leader of the of everything God put us
to be the salt of the earth and when the
church isn't doing right
uh it starts affecting the morals of the
nation look what happened we took out a
prayer out of schools then then people
started getting crazy in schools when
you start uh taking Ten Commandments off
things you start taking off loving the
Lord thy God with all your heart mind
soul and strength love your neighbor as
yourself and you operate in those
Commandments look at what happens
it literally the decay of the culture of
the world starts to happen all around us
because you become Godless you're a
Godless people and you have to have you
have to have a christ-centered in your
marriage Christ centered in your home
and he has to be the he has to be the
the the Cornerstone of your house he has
to be the foundation of everything you
believe so that you have a Godly
marriage a Godly lifestyle ungodly
children growing up and so as the decay
of the culture of America because we've
replaced the Bible with empty with the
what was MTV back then with with YouTube
videos and with with uh Taylor Swift and
all these people the Kardashians you're
replacing the Bible with these people
and you're you're feeding on that more
than you're feeding on the word
you take more time listening to trash
than you do listen to the to some
preacher from Sunday and re-watching it
feed on the word and so the decay of the
culture of America has happened the
decay of the culture of the World Europe
everything and it's become a Godless
people
so what I'm trying to tell you is in
that process you all
we will see we're going to see a great
shaking and and we and I really believe
this with all my heart and and the
people who are awake right now will
prepare I got persecuted for for for
trying to help people on how to prepare
and people get all upset like I said I
get all kinds of crazy emails people are
people have some problems I'm telling
you all when you're just trying to be a
blessing to people and like I said I am
not here for uh to try to create a
platform for myself I get all kinds of
hate about it I'm telling you I'm here
because Jesus told me to be here and if
you want to call me a false prophet you
want to call me on these things that's
fine that's on you but the Bible said
touch not my prophets and do them no
harm and I'm going to pray for you that
God has mercy on you because you're
opening a door for an attack on your
life you don't I have not done nothing
to you other than I'm trying to tell you
the love of God all I'm trying to tell
you is Jesus loves you and you need to
get right before him because he's coming
now if you want to call me a false
prophet for telling you that and to tell
you the things they're coming you want
to throw eggs at me and be mean and
threaten my family then God bless you
and I pray for you but I'm trying to
help you I'm trying to help you all God
bless you guys but but I'm going to tell
you I tried to warn you
that the Lord said when a general dies
when you see somebody in the army that
goes home like a John Paul Jackson or a
Kim Clement and you all call these
people false they were men of God
their gifts and their callings did not
stop if they didn't finish the race and
they were robbed it's called a casualty
of War it's a casualty of War
that a mantle those giftings that stuff
that they didn't finish the race have to
be fulfilled that has that mantle has to
keep going because God calls another
General to fill that place they he calls
more people to help do that go and do
this do and I have you on assignment do
you know what I'm saying and I am not
saying I am those men I don't even feel
like I'm worthy to even to tie their
shoes but I'm telling you in my heart
there there those assignments that they
had will start being spread to other
prophetic voices to warn the people that
that this is what's coming and and if
the the word sounds similar it's because
it's the same vein and the same
anointing being distributed to his
prophetic voices because they did not
get to finish their race it was a
casualty of War does that make sense to
you all so God brings up new people to
finish the war before his coming it
doesn't end the gift doesn't die it
doesn't say well it's over sorry it was
casualty war no he raised up another
General like it would do in World War II
or World War One or whatever and they
have to keep running the race to finish
what God has called us to do in these
end times okay
so that's why the word sometimes when
you hear other prophetic voices because
you try to compare me to other people
they sound similar because the heartbeat
of the spirit is the same
there's no difference
there's no difference in time there's no
difference in season he's the same God
yesterday today and forever
and he's telling his people the same
thing so when you get in this flow of
the spirit
it's not that the person's false it's
because he's fallen the heart of the
father
okay and they're not it's like you say
what's you know it's it's plagiarism no
I don't even listen to these people I'm
telling you I don't have time for it I'm
working very hard to supply and now I'm
doing this and so any of the gifts and
everything it's been a blessing for me
because I'm have to take away from my
work so I can be a blessing to you all
in doing these videos and this is just
all new to me I'm just starting out uh
and so I I'm not trying to complain
right now I'm trying to tell you my
heart is that I really truly truly do
have a compassion to help people and
that the Lord has assigned me to do this
and he told me this if like I said I
would rather be the hermit that I was
and just have my Glory Days and I have
to focus because it's a lot of it's a
lot of pressure Facebook and true social
and all this stuff and looking at the
comments and trying to make sure that
people are getting what they need and
fed and the uh the Facebook thing I had
to switch over to a uh from a from a
public thing because I had all kinds of
weirdos those doing dark dark stuff
trying to solicit men on there women
were like women of the night trying to
get the guy the the Christian men and I
was like this is like Sodom and Gomorrah
over here I gotta stop this so I'm
turning off that and I'm starting my own
private thing I'm I'm only allowed 5 000
people on that Facebook platform so once
it's full it's full I'm sorry I I just
cannot allow the Wolves to come in and
try to tempt the men of God and try to
mess with my people I feel responsible
for that kind of stuff and when I'm not
there and I look at the comment section
I see they're having private
conversations and stuff and I'm going oh
dear God this is not good I've got to
fix this so I I go in and I try to be
like the the the the daddy with a little
stick and go no no no we can't do this I
have to erase all this stuff and and
going like no it's time for people to
grow up but I feel like I said I'm
turning off that side of the Facebook
and I'm doing my own little private
thing and I can monitor who's coming in
there and if you do not have a picture
on your name if you do not have a some
kind of face and it's just a blank thing
on there and I can't see who you are and
it doesn't show a description you are
I'm not gonna let you in I am going to
monitor very closely who's in there like
people want me to tell them what to
invest in where to put their money where
um where what to buy for your household
all that stuff is not my that's not what
I'm here for I'm really not my job is to
tell you what the Holy Spirit has told
me to tell you and he's trying to tell
me to tell you there's there's there's
there's a a storm coming okay and Jesus
is coming and how to stand by faith how
to pray in the Holy Ghost how to do the
fundamentals that every believer should
be doing already but to encourage you to
do this because if you do not do these
fundamentals you are in trouble
okay so I love you guys and I'm so
thankful that you're here I'm so
thankful that you're a part of our our
YouTube Community I and my Facebook or
ins no I don't do Instagram Instagram's
trash and I I love you guys I'm I'm so
grateful and so thankful for all the
blessings for all the gifts for all the
all all the support that you've done the
little super thanks and all that it's
it's a it's a real blessing to us links
are in the description for Facebook if
you want to join I I think I've I'm
almost up to like 500 in this new thing
because I had over a thousand in the
last one and so I'm trying to transfer
it over if you want to follow if you
don't fine that's great there's no
there's no pressure I I really I could
really honestly it's up to you and I put
articles on there and I'm trying to tell
people and point them to Direction who I
think the Antichrist is I try to point
you in the direction of things things
that I will not say on a public platform
I just kind of try to point to people
look here look here but just to make a
recap real fast real quick right here
the Lord showed me the 350 million he
showed me the and that will be worldwide
he showed me the 30 30 million over the
United States okay which would be a
catastrophic that is amazing that's
that's a huge amount of people
he showed me about the Great Wall the
wall of protection he showed me about
the Ichabod he showed me about
um uh the the python coming up out of
the water trying to wrap around the
United States with the Great Earthquake
if we divide Jerusalem and we we see a a
two-state solution come to pass know
that within a couple of days probably
three days I've seen three days
prophetically after the two-state
solution it's taken place that we will
see this major earthquake I've seen the
dollar crash I've told you about this
I've told you about the dollar crash I
saw a new digital platform coming I saw
food lines I saw cobwebs in the corners
of the shelves so after you you see all
those things that I've told you all when
you look at each individual video of the
warnings the Lord has told me
um hopefully this will help you point
put a picture together of where we are
so I hope this blesses you all and um
thank you for watching if you're still
watching God bless you guys I'm going to
pray for you right now
and father I just thank you Lord for my
family here father I just believe father
for clarity for wisdom
for for their thoughts to be clear that
their minds are focused on you knowing
who they are in Christ knowing that they
don't have to be tormented by fear by
demonic spirits that we have authority
over the devil in this earth the father
that you've given us power and authority
to tread on all serpents and scorpions
and nothing shall by any means hurt us
you gave us Psalms 91 you gave us Psalms
23 you gave us these beautiful passages
of scripture that will father that we
can live by and I thank you Father that
we rise up and we are the salt of the
earth that we separate ourself that
we're not cold and we're not lukewarm
but we are hot for you I thank you
Father that you are delivering us from a
lukewarm spirit that we become hot for
Jesus because in the hotness for Jesus
being passionate and having a
relationship with you is Great Divine
find protection in these last days being
lukewarm you said you spew us out of
your mouth
being cold you don't even recognize this
but father I thank you Lord that we are
not cold and we're not lukewarm but we
are hot for Jesus I just thank you Lord
we give us Revelation knowledge we will
flow freely uninterrupted unintended by
any satanic or demonic Force I thank you
Lord that you speak to our minds you
speak to us father you speak to our
spirits and our minds and our minds are
renewed by the word of God you renew our
minds we renew our minds of the word you
speak to our Spirits God and it's that
still small voice inside of us we hear
your voice in a stranger's voice will
not follow we thank you Lord that you
speak through us we are the salt of the
earth we're that place and that where we
place when we go into the places of the
earth and the the grocery stores the the
the the gas stations whatever and we
show the love of God to people and that
when they see us they say there's
something different about you just like
how whenever I pray for my dogs and
people say God pray and there's
something different about your your
puppies there's an anointing on your
dogs we don't know what it is they they
don't know it's an anointing but there's
there's a presence on your dogs what is
that and and and they they get peace
from the Holy Ghost being imparted you
impart peace into your children and part
the presence of the Lord
into your everyday life into your
business walk with him abide in him and
he will abide in you
thank you Lord thank you Lord for the
manifestations of the presence of God in
these last days thank you Lord that that
glorious outpouring is coming on your
Remnant thank you Lord that there's a
there is a Heavenly glow around and
about us like honey
the father there is no devil in hell
that can penetrate the the power of God
that God in you Christ in us the hope of
glory
the in you father in you we can do
exploits we can do Great and Mighty
things because of you
father I thank you Lord there is none of
us and all of you and US in US Christ in
us the hope of glory
that we have this treasure in Earthen
vessels that the Excellency of the power
will be known of you in these last days
and not of us
father I thank you Lord that it'll be
all about you
it'll be everything and it'll be
everything about Jesus and what he's
done for us that we're not walking in
fear about a plague father we thank you
Lord for Psalms 91 we thank you Lord for
your blessing of Psalms anyone and we
memorize that we get it done inside of
us that no plagues come nice
thank you Father we give you all the
glory and all the honor and all the
praise and we rise up and grow up
spiritually and we feed on the meat of
the word and we get the meat of the word
down inside of us that it makes us
strong and we're not on the milk like a
baby we grow up we grow up and we grow
up and we grow up and we be go from
glory to glory to glory to glory
thank you Lord
thank you Jesus for your blood thank you
Lord for your presence and your blood
that covered us from all our sins and we
make much of the blood today thank you
for the blood that covers us thank you
Lord for your covering Lord we give you
honor and glory and praise in the mighty
name of Jesus and everybody say amen and
we call healing for your bodies and for
your finances sorry I I always want to
pray for that
so you're healed and whole and well and
we thank you Lord for everyone that is
suffering from sickness and disease we
pray blessing and healing power over
their bodies right now in the name of
Jesus we take authority over sickness
and disease and we thank you Lord that
you've delivered them from this you've
already done it and we receive what
you've done by faith and we speak to
those things and we call those things
that be not as though they were over
their life in Jesus name and we give you
all the glory and all the praise for
what you've already done Lord in Jesus
name all right y'all put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart
Jesus loves you so much and we love you
so much you all and we thank you for
being a part of our little Community
here God bless you guys and we'll see
you next time bye bye